README.md, before:

# ShowMeYourHands

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/WAEzk68.png)


Pawns show their hands on their weapon when drafted. 
Should work with most weapons, vanilla and modded.

Based on https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2171708109]Clutter Weapon Hands but dynamically sets the hands based on the graphics of the weapon. It will however still use the old hand-definitions if they exist.

There is also mod-settings where you can modify the settings for each weapon. These settings can be exported and included in a mod to add native support.
All my "Continued"-mods should have native support.

There is also support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2038409475]Yayo's Combat 3, https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1204108550]RunAndGun and https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1628211313]Dual Wield. Hands will follow the weapons even during the extra animations. 
Verified to work with https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1631756268]Combat Extended

Settings


-  Coloring the hands based on apparel/armor color
-  Resizing the hands based on the bodysize of the pawn, this also works with https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2373187996]Children
-  Repositioning the hands based on the weaponsize, to support oversized weapons



## Credits

Telefonmast for the support with the texture-code.
qux for the updated hand-texture.
shiuanyue for the Chinese translation.
Preview-image includes armor and weapons from the excellent XCOM-mods by velcroboy333
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2317335843]XCOM Armor
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2062766405]XCOM Weapons

[table]
	[tr]
		[td]https://invite.gg/Mlie]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/zdzzBrc.png)
[/td]
		[td]https://github.com/emipa606/ShowMeYourHands]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/kTkpTOE.png)
[/td]
	[/tr]
[/table]

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Rs6T6cr.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.

Commit message:

Added more defs via Arcanant, fixed unknown-defs support and things with random/stack-graphics

README.md, after:

# ShowMeYourHands

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/WAEzk68.png)


Pawns show their hands on their weapon when drafted. 
Should work with most weapons, vanilla and modded.

Based on https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2171708109]Clutter Weapon Hands but dynamically sets the hands based on the graphics of the weapon. It will however still use the old hand-definitions if they exist.

There is also mod-settings where you can modify the settings for each weapon. These settings can be exported and included in a mod to add native support.
All my "Continued"-mods should have native support.

There is also support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2038409475]Yayo's Combat 3, https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1204108550]RunAndGun and https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1628211313]Dual Wield. Hands will follow the weapons even during the extra animations. 
Verified to work with https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1631756268]Combat Extended

Settings


-  Coloring the hands based on apparel/armor color
-  Resizing the hands based on the bodysize of the pawn, this also works with https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2373187996]Children
-  Repositioning the hands based on the weaponsize, to support oversized weapons



## Credits

Arcanant for providing hand-definitions for a lot of mods.
Telefonmast for the support with the texture-code.
qux for the updated hand-texture.
shiuanyue for the Chinese translation.
Preview-image includes armor and weapons from the excellent XCOM-mods by velcroboy333
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2317335843]XCOM Armor
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2062766405]XCOM Weapons

[table]
	[tr]
		[td]https://invite.gg/Mlie]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/zdzzBrc.png)
[/td]
		[td]https://github.com/emipa606/ShowMeYourHands]![Image](https://i.imgur.com/kTkpTOE.png)
[/td]
	[/tr]
[/table]

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Rs6T6cr.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
